OK so I know those last few sections were really theoretical but I'm glad you stuck in there because
now comes the exciting part.
We're going to build our e-commerce platform.
So first let's use create react at to build out our project for us so I'm gonna call it Crown clothing
actually.
Now this is gonna take a little time so we just have to wait for create react app to finish setting
up our Project
Awesome.
So what we're gonna do is we're going to C.D. into our new project and let's open it up just like last
time.
It's given us a couple of files that we don't actually need so we don't need any of this service worker
code inside of index touch us.
So let's just get rid of it.
We also don't need any of this stuff inside of our adult J S file including this class name and instead
I'm just gonna write Hello world and we also don't need this logo.
Now in app CSX we don't need any of this CSF.
So let's get rid of it and there we go.
OK.
Now our project is pretty much set up for us to start working with.
So while we're gonna do is we're gonna evaluate what it is that we need to build so when we look at
this this is the home page and on the home page there is a header component which we can build after
but looking at just the content of the page there are these five menu item components right.
And these three looks similar and these two look similar but if we look closely watched you realize
that all five of them are the same component.
The only difference is that these ones are bigger than these ones so we definitely have to build this
menu item component and there's also a component that's holding these five elements together.
So there is like a directory menu component we've got to build as well but when we look at this component
we'll see that there is outside container of some kind and an inside container that holds a title and
a subtitle.
Right.
So it's a div with a div and then there are two text HDMI elements inside.
So let's build that first what I'm gonna do is I am going to make a new file called Home Page dock component
dock GSI we're gonna import react from react and we're gonna make it a concept home page which is gonna
be a functional component because we don't really need any lifecycle methods at this point nor do we
need to store any state so let's add in our first outside com Taner which will be our home page and
then inside will be those two components that we're talking about the container for the menu and then
the actual menu items so we will move them into their own files after.
But let's just put it down so we can see it first.
And this I'm gonna call directory menu and then the inside div I'm going to call my menu item inside
of our menu item we know that there is this content container right.
So let's just make another div and give it the class name content and then inside of our content we
want an H1.
That is our title
and here we just want to put the text hats and then we also want a span right after that will be our
subtitle with a text shop.
Now
now let us copy this five times just for now.
We'll end up making the components later and we are going to put jackets
and then this will be women's and this will be men's.
Now if we save this we have to also remember to export our new function outside.
Right.
So let's just export as the default because we're probably not going to export anything else from our
home page component file let's import in home page
think it's capital.
Yes it is.
OK.
Now instead of hello world let us render our home page component OK.
So we have to remember to run our project and let's see now OK there we go.
So this is just our directory without any of the styling so for the styling of this project we're actually
going to use something called SAS and SAS is just a upgraded version of CSX.
So it's an it is a different language and it has a different file type called SAS but it reads very
similar to CSX.
But it has a lot of quality of life improvements.
And I'm going to show you what it looks like.
So in order for us to include it we first have to add node SAS to our project.
Now the great thing about create react app is that it actually comes with the configuration for SAS
right out the gate.
As long as we include this package create react app will actually configure web hack and babble to come
br our SAS files into C Ss files because the browser can only read the SS files right.
So this is actually really convenient.
And now that that's included we have to remember to restart our server again.
OK.
Now this might happen you might see this bug.
All this is saying is that our version of babble just that got installed when.
Which is probably a dependency of our node SAS is now different from what our yarn file is expecting.
So what our initial package was expecting is different now.
So we just got to follow these instructions.
Right.
And we'll just follow the yarn instructions because we're using yarn.
So let's first delete the yarn log so let's delete yea and lock ya under lock.
And then let's delete the node modules folder
now.
Here it says to remove Apple just from our package.
Jason but we actually won't have that scene because it's something that create racked up hides from
us because those are all dependencies that it's managing.
So we won't do step 3.
And instead we are going to run yarn to install all of our new packages all over again and hopefully
this time all of the versions will match appropriately so there is a lot of waiting.
There's definitely always so much waiting Come on almost there.
Awesome.
Ok so now if we run yarn start again.
OK so now that our project is loaded let's just include it in that SAS file.
So I will show you what are SAS code is going to look like.
So we're gonna make another file called Home Page dot styles dot SAS net and we're gonna paste our SAS
in now.
It actually looks very similar to C assess if you've noticed.
Right.
This is pretty much just a classic selector that has some styles in it and then another class selector
with some styles in it but inside of this one we'll see that there are other things inside other than
just our typical classes right.
Ah ah sorry our typical styling so here whenever you see this Ampersand symbol this Ampersand pretty
much means this class that is above it and then it wants to append this additional selector right this
first child.
So it's saying menu item first child gets this style so anywhere where a menu item is the first child
is going to get this style.
Same with this one.
It's the equivalent of writing menu item and then first child in our regular CSX.
Right.
But SAS just lets us nest it so that it's easier to read and then you'll see this content class name
with its own styling as well.
Right.
If you hover over this you'll see that what it's saying is that any class of content that sits between
any element with the class of menu item will get these styles in it.
So rather than writing normally what we would do would be menu item and then dog content like this.
Right instead what we're gonna do is we are going to just write it nested inside and title is it going
to be the exact same.
So any element with the class title inside any element with the class content inside any element with
the class menu item right is going to get these styles and that's what's great about SAS is that it
just lets us not have to write a bunch of CSA selectors that look unconnected to each other.
Right.
We can just nest them all inside of the block of their relevant parent child relationship and you'll
notice that we did the same thing in our HCM mail for our home page right.
We have this menu item that has a content right child and then inside of that content is the title and
subtitle just like our SAS here our menu item has a content child which has a title and a subtitle Inside
of it.
Now we just have to make sure to import our new SAS file into this file and if we save if we go now
to our project we'll see that it looks very much closer without the images right to this now now in
the next lesson we are going to start moving these components into their own folders as well as exploring
what our final folder structure is going to look like.
Now our project which is actually not on GitHub yet so let's do that let's go back to our browser let's
go to get hub and let's create a new repository I'm going gonna name my repository Crown clothing after
our project and then we're going to create it and copy this essay to each key that they give us then
we've got to go back to our terminal into our project and write get remote add origin and then paste
in that code and now we've linked our project to that remote that we just create and GitHub and now
if we check the status with kid status we'll see these are the modified files and these are the new
files that we added so we want to add them all with get add dash a two hour commute and then we're going
to write get commit dash M for message and we're gonna say in our commit message something that is explicit
about what this commit contains so I'm gonna say created Project with create react app and added files
for home page now I'm going to get push all our commit to origin master and now if we check and we refresh
we'll see all our code up awesome now that we have a repository setup let's move on.